[DOCS] Updating wiki doc for Buildkite release docs job (#7113)
elastic/eui: wiki/eui-team-processes/releasing-versions.md

> ### Deploying to eui.elastic.co

Reviewer: How do you feel about reducing this heading level down a notch since it's no longer an active task item (unlike the next release step)? Also maybe removing the `Deploying` verb, to further indicate lack of action
```suggestion
#### eui.elastic.co
```

> In addition to the GitHub pages deployment, Buildkite automatically deploys our docs to the EUI Bekitzur environment (which will eventually be the canonical home of the EUI docs). The Buildkte job is started when a new version of EUI is pushed to GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the GitHub pages deployment, Buildkite automatically deploys our docs to the EUI Bekitzur environment (which will eventually be the canonical home of the EUI docs). The Buildikte job is started when a new tag is pushed to the `main` branch.
```
